fix: Troubleshooting guide for Schema Mismatch (#728)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/help-and-support/troubleshooting-guide/deployment-errors.mdx

If your server keeps shutting down and displays a schema mismatch error, it may be due to a missed checkpoint upgrade. 

#### Error message

```bash
Looks like you skipped some required update(s), please go back to the mandatory upgrade path v1.9, or refer to ''https://docs.appsmith.com/'' for more info
```

#### Cause
As the error message suggests that your Appsmith instance has missed a required checkpoint upgrade. This could have occurred if you are manually upgrading and have skipped a version, or if you are on automatic upgrade but your instance hasn't checked for updates for a certain period of time.

#### Solution

To fix this error, you may need to manually set your instance to the required version, `v1.9`. To do this, access your Appsmith installation instance and make the following change to the `docker-compose.yml` file:

<Tabs groupId="operating-systems">
  <TabItem value="CE" label="Community Edition" default>
  
    From:

```bash
services:
  appsmith:
    image: index.docker.io/appsmith/appsmith-ce
    container_name: appsmith
```

To:

```bash
services:
  appsmith:
    image: index.docker.io/appsmith/appsmith-ce:v1.9.0
    container_name: appsmith
```

> Save this file, then run the following command on your shell to restart Appsmith.

Author: done

</TabItem>

   <TabItem value="BE" label="Business Edition">
   
From:

```bash
services:
  appsmith:
    image: index.docker.io/appsmith/appsmith-ee
    container_name: appsmith
```

To:

```bash
services:
  appsmith:
    image: index.docker.io/appsmith/appsmith-ee:v1.9.0
    container_name: appsmith
```

Save this file, then run the following command on your shell to restart Appsmith.
   
   
   </TabItem>
</Tabs>

```
docker-compose up -d
```

> 

Reviewer: Here add a note that mentions that in this case we used v1.9.0 and that they can also use a specific version that to go back to.

Author: added

> With this your server starts with the older version that includes all necessary schema changes for your Appsmith instance. Once this process has completed successfully (you can verify this by attempting to log in to your Appsmith instance), you can return to the original version of the `docker-compose.yml` file and resume normal operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this, your server starts with the older version that makes all the necessary schema changes to your Appsmith instance. Once this process has been completed successfully (you can verify this by logging in to your Appsmith instance), you can return to the original version of your `docker-compose.yml` file and resume normal operations.
```

<Tabs groupId="operating-systems">
  <TabItem value="CE" label="Community Edition" default>

  ```bash
  services:
  appsmith:
    image: index.docker.io/appsmith/appsmith-ce
    container_name: appsmith
  ```
  
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="BE" label="Business Edition">

  ```
services:
  appsmith:
    image: index.docker.io/appsmith/appsmith-ee
    container_name: appsmith
  ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Now, run the restart command again: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the restart command once again: 
```

 ```
 docker-compose up -d
  ```

> 

Reviewer: Please add the note shared by Nidhi here. 

```suggestion
:::note If you have not been using your Appsmith instance for a while, it could be possible that there might be multiple versions that show up in the error message. In such a case, perform the same steps for each version in order, starting from the oldest.
:::
```

> To prevent similar issues in the future, consider enabling auto updates for your Appsmith instance. If you already had auto updates on and still encountered this issue, please contact the [Appsmith team](https://discord.com/invite/rBTTVJp) to determine the cause of the deployment problem

Reviewer: Link 'enabling auto updates' to the page which shows how to enable auto-updates

Author: done

This should resolve the issue of not receiving the invitation email. Additionally, it may be helpful to verify that the email server being used is working correctly and there are no issues with the network or other components preventing the emails from being sent.

However, if you encounter any issues, you can contact the support team on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/rBTTVJp) or ask questions on the [community forum](https://community.appsmith.com).

## Server shuts down with schema mismatch error

The instance keeps restarting due to a server shutdown displaying a schema mismatch error.

#### Error message

```bash

> Looks like you skipped some required update(s), please go back to the mandatory upgrade path v1.9, or refer to ''https://docs.appsmith.com/'' for more info

Reviewer 2: @harshilp24 - Why are we having a link to `docs.appsmith.com` here?

Reviewer 2: Also please use <Message> component to highlight the error message.

Author: @jnikhila it is part of the whole error message? Should I remove docs.appsmith part?

Reviewer 2: yes, please.

> messageContent="Looks like you skipped some required updates, please go back to the mandatory upgrade path v1.9."></Message>

Reviewer 2: @mohanarpit - This is the error message that will be shown to user. We can update it. Whom should we connect to update this in code? CC: @harshilp24
